Dear Students,
 

We very much look forward to seeing you this semester. Please find below a few highlighted special courses that HMW is offering this semester. You are encouraged to consider registering for them during the course add/drop period.

WRIT4016 Writing Diaspora in a Global World

Course description: The course aims to provide students with a critical understanding of diaspora writings from across the world in the age of globalisation. The course looks at theoretical and creative texts, examining  historical, cultural and political contexts of diasporic writing and how these impact theme, form and aesthetics. It exposes students to important works and issues of diaspora writing in different genres and enhances their ability to analyse cultural politics and writing strategies in diasporic works.

Instructor: Dr. Patrick Holland

Date & time of class: Wed 3:30 pm – 6:20 pm

Venue: DLB719

 

HUMN 4036 Special Topic in Media and Cultural Studies – Identity politics in the era of globalization

Course description: This course explores the formations and negotiations of gender, sexual, racial, national and postmodern identity in film and literature, and examines the politics and ethics of representing differences in the context of globalization.

Instructor: Dr. Jason Ho

Date & time of class: Thurs 9:30 am – 12:20 pm

Venue: WLB204

 

HUMN4035 Special Topic in Theory and Culture – Radical Closure

Course description: Are there spatial and temporal conditions, rather than psychological ones, in which one cannot leave a location even though all its gates are wide open? What are some of the consequences of such a space and time? The course will draw mainly on cinema (David Lynch, etc.) and painting (Francis Bacon, etc.) to study this sort of closure.

Instructor: Prof. Jalal Toufic

Date & time of class: Wed 12:30 pm – 3:20 pm

Venue: WLB211

 

All HKBU undergraduate students are welcome to enroll in these and other courses. For enquiries, please contact Mr. Jacky Ho at 3411-7192 / through email at jackyho@hkbu.edu.hk.

Thank you very much.

Best,
Jacky

On behalf of Prof John Erni, Head
Department of Humanities and Creative Writing