To HKBU community:

 

Update on Campus Arrangements

 

 As things across Hong Kong and on campus have quieted down a bit albeit still fluid and unpredictable, we have reviewed the situation in consultation with the campus community and having regard to the needs and concerns of different groups. After a thorough review, we have decided on the following arrangements:

 

1.

Semester Start:  The next semester will start on Monday 13 January 2020 as scheduled.

 

2.

Campus activities:  All on campus teaching and learning activities will resume normal upon semester start, except large scale conferences with public participation.

 

3.

Public Events:  As the situation remains fluid and unpredictable, hosting of large-scale on-campus events with public participation is not encouraged. When there are compelling reasons to organize major events on campus with public participation, please consult Dr Andy Lee, Vice-President (Administration) and Secretary.

 

4.

Access Control:  The “no outsiders” policy will remain in force until further notice.

 

5.

Visitors Policy:  The “Visitors Registration” policy introduced in November will remain in force. Visitors entering our campus need to register and have their identity verified by the HKBU hosts. HKBU hosts are strongly advised to pre-register visitor details with Estates Office beforehand to reduce processing time of on-spot registration at entry points. This applies also to external attendees of all our activities. Manual checking of visitor ID will migrate to QR code scanning once the system is ready.

 

6.

Students and Staff Access:  The current policy of ID verification will stay, under which all students and colleagues entering the campus will need to show their student or staff card. Card readers are being installed to simplify the verification process.

 

7.

Alumni Access:  Alumni are requested to pre-register with Alumni Affairs Office for visiting the campus.

 

8.

CCM Science Tower:  The design of the Science Tower is such that to secure the entire building for normal operation is impossible without major enhancement work. As a stop-gap measure, steel doors will be installed at key entrance points and additional security personnel will be deployed.

To minimize disruption to research work, all research labs in the Science Tower and on main campus will re-open from Monday 16th December.  
Opening hours: Monday to Saturday 9 am to 7 pm. Closed on Sunday. All labs will be locked after 7 pm. Security guards will be on duty on each floor throughout the opening hours. 
 

Admission to all research labs will be limited to Research Post-Graduate Students (ie PhD, MPhil) as well as research and technical staff only. They are required to wear their ID badge at all times while in the labs. Taught Post-Graduate Students, Undergraduate Students, and visitors will not be admitted. Security guards are authorised to check large bags and bulky substance entering and leaving the labs.

The above temporary arrangements for labs are subject to review as the situation changes, and our aim is to restore normal operation as soon as practicable.

 

9.

Commencement:  A decision is still pending on the Commencements originally scheduled for November and subsequently postponed. We will keep this under review and a decision would be made once the situation allows.

 

10.

Meet with Students Sessions:  The “Sign-up to Meet-up” sessions for students to meet with the members of the senior management will be resumed upon semester start. The on-line sign-up portal will reopen in January 2020 for students to sign up.

 

On behalf of the University, may I express our profound gratitude to our students and colleagues for your understanding and co-operation throughout the social turmoil that grips our society and our campus community. We again appeal to all members of the HKBU community to demonstrate, as a leading liberal arts university, that we are capable of resolving all conflicts and disputes by brainpower rather than physical power.

 

Yours
 

 

Roland T Chin

President