Dear Students,

 

Revised Arrangements of End of Semester Assessment

 

After I sent you the special arrangements of end of semester assessment on 19 November 2019, we have received further feedback from academic colleagues and students.  Besides, the Risk Group of the University has also provided ongoing analysis of the risks on campus and the overall situation in Hong Kong. 

 

After discussion with academic colleagues and some student representatives and careful consideration of the latest situation, some revisions have been made to the end of semester assessment arrangements.  When we formulated and revised the assessment arrangements, we have a few important considerations:

 

a)      The safety of our students and colleagues must be ensured.

b)     Many of you are undergoing a lot of emotional and physical stress during the social unrest and may not be able to concentrate on your studies.

c)      Many of you may have already arranged other activities during the semester break.

d)     Those of you who are non-local students may have returned to your home town.

e)      We need to protect the integrity of our curriculum and assessment, otherwise the standard and value of the BU degree will be questioned by external bodies and academic partners. If any such query occurs, you and the graduates will suffer.

f)       Individual disciplines and courses will have their own needs and a uniform set of arrangements will not fit all.

 

Details of the revised arrangements are as follows:

 

End of Semester Assessment

 

1.      The situation in Hong Kong is still unpredictable and tension remains high. The University would not assume that the safety risks on campus no longer exist or the campus will be completely risk free in January.  As such, the University has decided that there will be NO on-campus examination in January 2020.  On-campus examinations will be replaced by other forms of assessment such as take-home or open-book examinations / additional assignments.  Your course instructors will inform you of the assessment method to be adopted as soon as practicable.

 

2.      For non-local students who have left Hong Kong, your course instructors may try to assess you with methods that fit your specific situation.

 

3.      In general, end of semester assessment will NOT be conducted during the semester break as many of you have already made other arrangements.  In the event that this is not possible, the course instructor will discuss the assessment arrangements with the students enrolled in the course.

 

Late Course Withdrawal

 

4.      Considering your emotional stress, late course withdrawal will be allowed and processed by the Academic Registry / Graduate School directly.  Should you wish to apply for course withdrawal, please complete the attached Form and return it to the Academic Registry (for undergraduate students)/ Graduate School (for postgraduate students) via email by the deadline of 6 December 2019 (Friday).  Upon receipt of the Form, you will be given a W grade (Withdrawn) for the course(s).  W grade is not counted towards GPA calculation and you will not earn the course units.

 

Exceptional Arrangement of Grade Assignment

 

5.    I mentioned the exceptional arrangement of grade assignment in my email of 19 November 2019 where students could be assigned the grades of Distinction (DT) / Satisfactory (S) / Fail (F) rather than the letter grades.  DT and S would not be counted towards the GPA while grade F would be.  In order to have consistent treatment under this exceptional arrangement, your course instructors may decide to assign grades DT (Distinction) / S (Satisfactory) / U (Unsatisfactory) to students enrolled in the course instead.  All DT/S/U grades will NOT be counted towards GPA.  Yet students would only earn the course units if they attain DT or S.

 

Grade Release

 

6.   In general course grades will be released by 13 January 2020.  Individual courses might need to release the grades later due to special assessment arrangements.

 

Academic Problem (Academic Warning/Probation/Dismissal)

 

7.    Considering the possible impact on academic performance caused by your emotional stress, the University has decided to suspend the issue of academic warning/probation/ dismissal letters to students with academic results which are considered not satisfactory in this semester.  The usual measures for handling students with academic problems will only be resumed from the next semester.

 

  

Should you have any questions relating to the above arrangement, please email the Academic Registry at ugs@hkbu.edu.hk (for undergraduate students) or the Graduate School at hkbu_tpg @hkbu.edu.hk (for postgraduate students).

 

Please accept my apology for having to revise the guidelines after considering the different comments from colleagues and students and the latest risk analysis.  I sincerely hope that this set of revised arrangements can take better care of your learning and emotional needs in this critical moment.  

 

Thank you very much and please take care. 

 

 

 

Albert Chau

Vice-President (Teaching and Learning)

27 November 2019

 

 
2 Attachments
